---
layout: post
title:  "I didn't like Dead Dead Demons Dededede Destruction"
date:   2026-08-15 12:00:00 +0100
categories: rant
pinned: false
---

The show felt a bit empty, unlike punpun or solanin I didnt felt like the characters were aligned with the message of the show and that made both characters and the plot feel boring and inconsequential. Not to mention the ensemble cast was vast and kept growing as the episodes went on without much depth spared to anyone but ouran.

To expand on why I felt an internal disconnect withing the story though:
I felt the message was “even during a war against alien invasion life goes on as normal to a certain degree”
And never was this more true than in current year, where we have 2 wars going on for years now. Theres no alternative other than life continuing on. 
But then the characters are embarking on this supernatural touched journey through young adulthood which feels nothing but “normal”. I felt a massive disconnect between these two aspects. Not to mention these characters lack a lot of depth from qhat i was expecting from inio asano.
Even ouran (that aluded to having the closest thing resembling an arc before) is reduced to a quirky character that does silly things for no reason for the great majority of the time, and her only depth comes from the revelation that she is actually a multiverse traveller (that doesnt even remember most of it from my understanding).
I also felt that the show tried to provide commentary in the nature of discrimination, by having these cute, refugee aliens that are being prossecuted and murdered “for no reason” by the army but this has no connection to the theme of “normal life in times of strife” (aside from being the natural other side of the coin when it comes to a war situation) because our characters never are faced with the violent aspect of it. Yes they hide an alien earlier in the show but that ends up not contributing to the development of this theme at all and it ends up feeling half baked despite taking a lot of screen time. 
The plot centered on emotional core of the show (the two girls) never colides with the militarist commentary on racial/cultural genocide. And because the latter takes so much screen time (specially at the end) the show ends up feeling fractured and incomplete. yes, i am aware that ouran is dating the hot alien and that they had all the plot with the alien when they were younger, but thats not what i mean. There are actually pro-alien and anti-genocide prostests and however that never colides with the sphere of the main characters. they never wideky reject or accept each view and so that makes me reject the show as having a "peaceful and anti-war" message. It cant have such a message if its never relevant for the main characters of the show itself, and only relegated to a side a plot. And this leaves this commentary feeling empty but we never see the struggles and motivations of those that have those beliefs take front seat of the narrative. when it comes to this topic,  apathy is all the characters have to provide (which is also never commented on, so i also reject this as a justification as to why "the show was actually about the chars learning to care and not be apathethic in the face of genocide"). Unlike in other shows (even inio asano), where apathy is explored and commentated on, the apathethic chracter surfing through life always has a wake up call to drive them into action, similar to the hero's journy call to action. and they never haver such call to action here.
I did appreciate the political commentary but it fell flat as “*they* are actually controling the government behind the shadows” and because this is not directly connected to the girls plot it ends up feeling empty, bcs i have no investment in the fact the prime minister is a puppet.

